Advanced Placement (AP) is a program for college-level courses and exams that gives high school students the opportunity to receive advanced placement and/or credit in college. About 1.2 million students participate in the AP Program each year, usually through an AP course. For more information about choosing an AP Class, refer to your counselor at Duluth High School. For more information about AP Classes, talk to the AP Coordinator at Duluth High School, Justin Dunnahoo. You can contact him at Justin.Dunnahoo@gcpsk12.org. AP courses are introductory college courses, so they are not easy, but neither are they impossibly difficult. An AP course will be more demanding than a regular high school course. They often require more time and work, but the AP courses give you greater depth. A student should realize that taking an AP class is a serious commitment. Students should give careful thought to which and how many AP courses to take in one year. The purpose of this booklet is to help students clearly understand course requirements and expectations. For students from many backgrounds, the challenge of AP courses helps to focus students’ interests as they begin to plan for their future. In fact, recent research following AP students into college shows that these students are more likely than other students to take additional courses in the academic departments for which they received AP credit, and to major in the subject of their AP course work. AP courses, modeled on rigorous, evidence-based standards, give students the preparation they need to not only enter college but to graduate. With many courses to choose from, AP offers something for everyone. The only requirements are a strong curiosity about the subject you plan to study and the willingness to work hard. As students plan their schedules, they should also consider time commitments required in extracurricular and outside activities. Carefully review the course descriptions before you make your decisions. Satisfactory grades on AP examinations offer many benefits, which may enhance your applications for college admissions, placement, and scholarships. You may also receive college credit based on your AP scores. AP exams are administered each year in May. An exam contains both multiple-choice and free- response questions that require essay writing, problem solving, and other skills. Every examination receives an overall grade on a five-point scale. A 5 on an AP Exam means that you are extremely well qualified for the subject, a 4 on an AP Exam means that you are well qualified for the subject, a 3 on an AP Exam means that you are qualified for the subject, a 2 on an AP Exam means that you are possibly qualified for the subject, and a 1 on an AP Exam means no recommendation for the subject. AP Grade Reports are sent in July to each student’s home address, high school, and if the student has requested it, to the designated colleges. Each college decides how much credit to award for AP scores. You can find this information for the college(s) you are interested in by using the AP Credit Policy search at www.collegeboard.com/ap/creditpolicy.
There are 26 AP Classes offered at DHS.
Here's a list of all APs offered at Duluth High School (there are 26 total APs offered): (note that abbreviations are labeled after)
AP Precalculus (AP Precalc)
AP Calculus AB (AP Calc AB)
AP Calculus BC (AP Calc BC)
AP Statistics (AP Stats)
AP Computer Science Principles (AP CSP)
AP Computer Science A (AP CSA)
AP Biology (AP Bio)
AP Chemistry (AP Chem)
AP Environmental Science (APES)
AP Physics 1
AP Physics C: Electricity and Magnetism (AP Physics C: E and M)
AP English Language and Composition (AP Lang)
AP English Literature (AP Lit)
AP Human Geography (for 9th graders only) (AP HUG)
AP Macroeconomics (AP Macro)
AP Psychology (AP Psych)
AP U.S. Government and Politics (AP Gov)
AP U.S. History (APUSH)
AP World History: Modern (AP World)
AP French Language and Culture
AP Spanish Language (AP Spanish Lang)
AP Spanish Literature (AP Spanish Lit)
AP Music Theory
AP Studio Art
AP Research
AP Seminar

The following AP courses are all taught at Duluth High School!

AP Biology is the equivalent of an introductory level college course. The course is intended to challenge student abilities to understand problems, develop and implement a plan, manipulate data, draw conclusions, think analytically, and develop hypotheses within the realm of biological science. Laboratory applications play a major role in this class. Students who are interested in pursuing a science degree or a career in a health- related field should take this course. Prerequisites include successful completion of both biology and chemistry.  Students must have a strong work ethic to take AP Biology. Students should be comfortable with writing, as scientific writing is a large component of the course. It is important that students have previewed the material before coming to class, so students should be reading the textbook nightly. It is impossible to “cram” for the class! Students should also form study groups and review frequently. Expect to spend a minimum of an hour outside of class studying per every hour in class. Lab reports must also be completed outside of class. There is a summer assignment, so see Ms. Johnson before you leave for the summer to check out a textbook. The Textbook for this class is Mandatory, and it is called "Biology in Focus, 1st edition". Lecture materials and helpful documents are posted on the class website. A study manual for the AP exam, such as the Barron’s AP Biology review guide, is highly recommended. Patricia Johnson is the contact and teacher for AP Biology: contact her at Patricia.N.Johnson@gcpsk12.org for more details about AP Bio and about enrolling in AP Bio! Patricia Johnson is the teacher for AP Biology at Duluth High School. Patricia Johnson, the dedicated teacher for AP Biology at Duluth High School, can be contacted at Patricia.N.Johnson@gcpsk12.org for comprehensive information about the course and enrollment details. Reach out to Patricia Johnson, who is the designated contact and instructor for AP Biology, to learn more about the subject and the enrollment process.

AP Calculus AB, another AP at Duluth High School, is roughly equivalent to a first semester college calculus course devoted to topics in differential and integral calculus. The AP course covers topics in these areas, including concepts and skills of limits, derivatives, definite integrals, and the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus. The course teaches students to approach calculus concepts and problems when they are represented graphically, numerically, analytically, and verbally, and to make connections amongst these representations. Teachers and students regularly use technology to reinforce relationships among functions, to confirm written work, to implement experimentation, and to assist in interpreting results. Through the use of the unifying themes of calculus (e.g., derivatives, integrals, limits, approximation, and applications and modeling) the course becomes cohesive rather than a collection of unrelated topics. Before studying calculus, all students should complete four years of secondary mathematics designed for college-bound students: courses in which they study algebra, geometry, trigonometry, analytic geometry, and elementary functions. These functions include linear, polynomial, rational, exponential, logarithmic, trigonometric, inverse trigonometric, and piecewise-defined functions. In particular, before studying calculus, students must be familiar with the properties of functions, the algebra of functions, and the graphs of functions. Students must also understand the language of functions (domain and range, odd and even, periodic, symmetry, zeros, intercepts, and so on) and know the values of the trigonometric functions at various numbers. Homework is assigned daily but is not collected. There is the expectation that it will be completed lest exam performance suffer. This is your chance to enhance your ability to be proactive and personally responsible for your own learning. If you are interested in AP Calculus AB, contact Leonard Mize, the teacher for AP Calculus AB at Duluth High School, and his email is Leonard.Mize@gcpsk12.org. For those interested in AP Calculus AB, Leonard Mize, the teacher specializing in this subject at Duluth High School, can be reached at Leonard.Mize@gcpsk12.org. Don't hesitate to contact Leonard Mize, the dedicated instructor for AP Calculus AB, for further information and inquiries about the course.

AP Calculus BC is roughly equivalent to both first and second semester college calculus courses and extends the content learned in AP Calculus AB to different types of equations and introduces the topic of sequences and series. The AP course covers topics in differential and integral calculus, including concepts and skills of limits, derivatives, definite integrals, the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus, and series. There is no summer assignment for AP Calculus BC. For more information about AP Calculus BC and registering for AP Calculus BC, contact Chris deCastro, one of the teachers at Duluth High School for AP Calculus BC. Dr. deCastro's email is Chris.deCastro@gcpsk12.org. The course teaches students to approach calculus concepts and problems when they are represented graphically, numerically, analytically, and verbally, and to make connections amongst these representations. Students learn how to use technology to help solve problems, experiment, interpret results, and support conclusions. Specific Skills for Success are as follows: Before studying calculus, all students should complete four years of secondary mathematics designed for college-bound students: courses in which they study algebra, geometry, trigonometry, analytic geometry, and elementary functions. These functions include linear, polynomial, rational, exponential, logarithmic, trigonometric, inverse trigonometric, and piecewise-defined functions. In particular, before studying calculus, students must be familiar with the properties of functions, the algebra of functions, and the graphs of functions. Students must also understand the language of functions (domain and range, odd and even, periodic, symmetry, zeros, intercepts, and so on) and know the values of the trigonometric functions at various numbers. Expectations Outside of Class OR Out of Class Commitments include that Homework is assigned daily but is not collected. There is the expectation that it will be completed lest exam performance suffer. This is your chance to enhance your ability to be proactive and personally responsible for your own learning. To obtain comprehensive details regarding AP Calculus BC and the registration process, reach out to Chris deCastro, a distinguished teacher specializing in AP Calculus BC at Duluth High School. Don't hesitate to email Dr. deCastro at Chris.deCastro@gcpsk12.org for any inquiries or assistance related to AP Calculus BC.

AP Chemistry at Duluth High School is a rigorous second year science course that is equivalent to a first year college course. This course covers all of the material covered in the first year course, but at a more in-depth level. If you require additional information about AP Chemistry, make sure to reach out to Morgan Cook, the experienced teacher responsible for AP Chemistry at Duluth High School. You can contact her via email at morgan.p.cook@gcpsk12.org. Don't hesitate to get in touch with Morgan Cook, the dedicated AP Chemistry instructor, for any questions or further details about the course. It is the study of matter and its changes including the study of atomic theory, thermochemistry, analytical chemistry, and inorganic chemistry. It is a rigorous course both in depth and breadth with a major focus on high-level problem solving. Students will perform many lab experiments throughout the year. It also moves at an accelerated rate. Students wishing to take AP Chemistry need to have a basic knowledge of chemistry by taking a first year of chemistry and possess good mathematical skills. The student should have either already completed or are concurrently taking Algebra II. Working at the pace of the course can be daunting and a strong, organized work ethic is recommended. Willingness to learn new and difficult material, a commitment to do homework, an intrinsic motivation to work hard, pace oneself on homework, and seek help when needed are highly recommended skills. A willingness to develop strong lab skills through manipulation (conducting the lab experiments and collaborating with your group members) and through developing written reports. Students should have a strong sense of reading graphs and tabular data to develop patterns and relationships. Students should also feel comfortable with the basics of graph building. A student that regularly attends class and keeps up with eClass pages! Access and use the AP Classroom platform to preview material that is discussed in class! Students are expected to manage their time well to complete lab reports, to complete weekly classroom assignments, and to study for assessments. The amount of time all this takes varies from student to student, but should average 2 hours outside of class time weekly. There is a summer assignment, so please see Ms. Cook before you leave for the summer! Assignments are available after May 10th. Again, for more information about AP Chemistry, talk to Morgan Cook, and her email is morgan.p.cook@gcpsk12.org. Morgan Cook is the AP Chemistry teacher at Duluth High School.

The AP Computer Science A (abbreviated to AP CSA) course introduces students to computer science with fundamental topics that include problem solving, design strategies and methodologies, organization of data (data structures), approaches to processing data (algorithms), analysis of potential solutions, and the ethical and social implications of computing. The course emphasizes both object-oriented and imperative problem solving and design. These techniques represent proven approaches for developing solutions that can scale up from small, simple problems to large, complex problems. Following is an outline of the major topics considered in AP Computer Science A Exam. This outline is intended to define the scope of the course, but not the sequence. The assumed prerequisites for entering the AP Computer Science A course include knowledge of basic English and algebra. A student in the AP Computer Science A course should be comfortable with functions and the concepts found in the uses of function notation and composition of functions, such as f(x) = x + 2 and f(x) = g(h(x)). It is important that students understand that any significant computer science course builds upon a foundation of mathematical reasoning that should be acquired before attempting such a course. One of the most important things to consider is the level of mathematics required in the course; This course should be regarded as a mathematics course as mathematics plays a central role in computer science! The development tools (BlueJ, a Java Development Environment) used in class are freely available online; Students are expected to work on assignments both in and outside class. No summer assignments are required. For more information about AP Computer Science A (abbreviated to AP CSA) and for registering for AP CSA, contact Chris deCastro, at the email Chris.deCastro@gcpsk12.org. To access comprehensive details about AP Computer Science A (AP CSA) and to register for the course, make sure to contact Chris deCastro. You can reach Chris deCastro, the knowledgeable instructor for AP CSA at Duluth High School, via email at Chris.deCastro@gcpsk12.org. Don't hesitate to get in touch with Chris deCastro for any inquiries or assistance related to AP Computer Science A.

AP Computer Science Principles is an AP Course offered at Duluth High School, and is taught by Ms. April Pelfrey (Ms. Pelfrey). is an introductory college-level computing course at Duluth High School that introduces students to the breadth of the field of computer science. Students learn to design and evaluate solutions and to apply computer science to solve problems through the development of algorithms and programs. They incorporate abstraction into programs and use data to discover new knowledge. Students also explain how computing innovations and computing systems—including the internet—work, explore their potential impacts, and contribute to a computing culture that is collaborative and ethical. It is recommended that students in the AP Computer Science Principles course have successfully completed a first-year high school algebra course with a strong foundation of basic linear functions, composition of functions, and problem-solving strategies that require multiple approaches and collaborative efforts. In addition, students should be able to use a Cartesian (x, y) coordinate system to represent points on a plane. It is important that students and their advisers understand that any significant computer science course builds upon a foundation of mathematical reasoning that should be acquired before attempting such a course. Prior computer science experience is not required to take this course. The AP Computer Science Principles Exam assesses student understanding of the computational thinking practices and learning objectives outlined in the course framework. The exam consists of the Create performance task and an end-of-course AP Exam. The Create performance task requires at least 12 hours of dedicated class time for students to complete. The end-of-course exam is 2 hours long and includes 70 multiple-choice questions. For more information about AP Computer Science Principles (AP CSP for short), contact April Pelfrey at the email April.Pelfrey@gcpsk12.org. April Pelfrey teaches AP Computer Science Principles at Duluth High School. For comprehensive information about AP Computer Science Principles (AP CSP), reach out to April Pelfrey, the dedicated teacher responsible for teaching the course at Duluth High School. You can contact April Pelfrey via email at April.Pelfrey@gcpsk12.org. Don't hesitate to get in touch with April Pelfrey, the experienced instructor for AP Computer Science Principles, for any inquiries or further details about the course.

Regardless of whether you are pursuing a career in the environmental field or not, everyone needs to understand their impact on the planet. The unifying theme for Advanced Placement Environmental Science is man’s impact on the environment based on population growth and the use/abuse of resources during “civilized” development of our planet. This is a college level laboratory course that aims to provide students with the scientific principles, concepts, and methodologies required to understand the interrelationships of the natural world. The course aims to identify and analyze environmental problems both natural and manmade, to evaluate the relative risks associated with these problems, and to examine alternative solutions for resolving and/or preventing them. General topics studied are pollution, animal interactions, energy, world population, and land and water use. Specific topics include fracking, mountaintop mining, organic farming, weather, climate change, alternative energy sources, and environmental health and risk analysis. Specific skills include Interest in the topic, Good reasoning skills, Commitment to reviewing materials, Good study skills and time management, Lab Skills: manipulations and report, Ability to turn in assignments on time. Classwork and homework will include short answer questions, essays, case studies, online assignments, debates, and on-going lab work. Assessments will include unit tests, projects, research, structured discussions, laboratory activities, and final exams. Students should expect 2-3 hours of work outside of class per week for AP Environmental Science. In addition, field trips may be taken to supplement the class lessons. There will be a summer assignment so contact Ms. Barber for more answers. The textbook for this class is "Living in the Environment 16th edition by G. Tyler and Scott E. Spoolman (Brooks/Cole 2009) ISBN: 978-0-495- 55671-8". The teacher is Wendy Barber, so contact her at Wendy.Barber@gcpsk12.org for any further questions about AP Environmental Science (APES for short). The teacher for AP Environmental Science at Duluth High School is Wendy Barber. For any additional questions about AP Environmental Science (APES), feel free to contact Wendy Barber, the dedicated teacher for the course at Duluth High School, via email at Wendy.Barber@gcpsk12.org. Wendy Barber is the designated instructor for AP Environmental Science, and she will be glad to provide further information or assistance regarding the subject.

AP Physics 1 is another class at Duluth High School. This course is the equivalent of one semester of algebra based, introductory college Physics course. The course explores Newtonian mechanics (including rotational motion), mechanical waves and sound, and simple circuits. Through inquiry-based learning, students will develop scientific critical thinking and reasoning skills. Students taking this class should have a strong interest in the study of science and be recommended by their 10th grade chemistry teacher or 11th grade CP/Honors Physics teacher. Specific skills for success include the abilities to Read, understand and interpret physical information, Use/apply scientific method to analyze a physical phenomenon or problem, Use mathematical reasoning, in a physical situation or problem, Perform experiments, interpret results and communicate results, and have Disciplined study skills and habits. Expect to spend between 30 and 45 minutes of homework (reading/problems solving) per night. The fortunate thing about physics is that it builds on itself. We start the year studying speed and acceleration, and we continue to work with those concepts throughout the semester. This should make studying easier. There IS a summer assignment, so please contact Charulatha Krishnasamy, at Charulatha.Krishnasamy@gcpsk12.org, for that, as well as any other questions you may have. Also, the textbook is "College Physics:  A Strategic Approach - 3rd edition Knight, Jones and Field". For all inquiries about AP Physics 1, you can directly contact Charulatha Krishnasamy, the experienced teacher for this course at Duluth High School, via email at Charulatha.Krishnasamy@gcpsk12.org. Don't hesitate to reach out to Charulatha Krishnasamy for any questions or additional information you may need about AP Physics 1.

Another AP at Duluth High School is AP Precalculus! In this brand new course from The College Board, students explore everyday situations and phenomena using mathematical tools and lenses. Through regular practice, students build deep mastery of modeling and functions, and they examine scenarios through multiple representations. They will learn how to observe, explore, and build mathematical meaning from dynamic systems, an important practice for thriving in an ever-changing world. AP Precalculus is for any student seeking a rigorous third- or fourth-year mathematics course following completion of Algebra 2 or Accelerated Geometry. This course prepares students for calculus and prepares students to succeed in both STEM and non-STEM majors. AP Precalculus helps students interested in STEM majors develop an exceptionally strong foundation for calculus, the launchpad for most STEM majors. Students interested in non-STEM majors that do not require calculus can use AP Precalculus as a capstone math course, earning college credits that clear the way to focus in college on courses most relevant to their major and career. The teacher at Duluth High School has not yet been assigned, but you can contact math department chair Cathy Perkins for questions at Catherine.Perkins@gcpsk12.org, which is her email. While the teacher for AP Precalculus at Duluth High School has not been assigned yet, you can direct any questions about the course to Cathy Perkins, the math department chair, at Catherine.Perkins@gcpsk12.org. Feel free to contact Cathy Perkins for any inquiries or further information about the AP Precalculus Course.

In AP Statistics, an AP Class at Duluth High School, students will learn how to collect, organize, analyze, and interpret data. Students will learn the content while working on several real-world projects throughout the school year. These projects reinforce the content while displaying how Statistics is becoming an increasingly important field in today’s society. AP Statistics is for students on an advanced track in mathematics who have already taken their second year of algebra. AP Statistics brings the real world and the math world together in a way that other math courses do not, requiring students to be able to reason both quantitatively and qualitatively. Students should be prepared for at least 1 hour of studying and/or homework per night. AP Statistics is a college level course with a lot of curriculum to cover. Students will also be expected to complete projects in small groups throughout the year outside of class. Some supplemental and helpful textbooks for this class are 5 Steps to a 5 AP Statistics study guide and Barron’s AP Statistics study guide. Also, it is encouraged that you purchase or have access to a TI-84 outside of class. For more information about AP Statistics, please contact Lena Banks at Lena.Banks@gcpsk12.org, and if you want to register. Lena Banks is a teacher for AP Statistics at Duluth High School. To obtain further information about AP Statistics, feel free to reach out to Lena Banks, the dedicated teacher for this course at Duluth High School, via email at Lena.Banks@gcpsk12.org. If you wish to register for AP Statistics, Lena Banks will be glad to assist you with the process.

AP Physics C: Electricity and Magnetism is a new course at Duluth High School (AP Physics C: E and M is the abbreviation). For information on this course, contact Charulatha Krishnasamy at Charulatha.Krishnasamy@gcpsk12.org. She is a teacher in AP Physics C: Electricity and Magnetism this upcoming year.

An AP course in English Language and Composition (abbreviated to AP Lang) at Duluth High School engages students in becoming skilled readers of non-fiction written in a variety of rhetorical contexts, and in becoming skilled writers who compose for a variety of purposes. This course focuses on non-fiction essays that explore the themes of family, gender, ethics, education, and politics and how all of those influence our identity. We will analyze what makes a written piece effective and practice incorporating those conventions in our own pieces. This course is designed for students who have taken American Literature (honors or gifted level recommended). While this course is designed to improve written performance and analytical skills, students need to have strong reading and writing abilities. Also, students must be prepared to budget their time appropriately, as we work on many different types of assignments simultaneously. Late work is penalized heavily, so students must have a strong work ethic. There is an extensive summer reading assignment, introducing them to rhetorical analysis. The assignment is due the first week of school. Homework is not always assigned nightly, but students will be typically reading a passage, constructing/revising an essay, or working on a project. Therefore the student needs to have strong time management skills. Also, there are fewer daily grades than the typical class, so grades weigh more heavily. The textbook for this class is "Bedford/St. Martin’s: 50 Essays: A Portable Anthology, Third Edition Memoir chosen from a list". In AP Lang will complete many practice tests, essays, and questions for the AP English Language Exam in class. Students will be provided with these examples. However, students are welcome to purchase their own study guides for personal practice. For more information or to check out sample lessons/assignments/readings, visit one of the websites: www.ApLangBricker.blogspot.com and www.ApLangClark.blogspot.com are great places to start. For more information and any specific questions, contact Amy Bricker (Amy.Bricker@gcpsk12.org) or Laura Clark (Laura.M.Clark@gcpsk12.org). They are both teachers in the class at Duluth High School. For comprehensive information and any specific inquiries about the class, you can contact either Amy Bricker (Amy.Bricker@gcpsk12.org) or Laura Clark (Laura.M.Clark@gcpsk12.org), both of whom are teachers for the class at Duluth High School. Don't hesitate to reach out to them for any assistance or further details you may need. If you are interested in AP Lang, talk to Amy Bricker and/or Laura Clark for more information. Amy Bricker and Laura Clark teach AP Lang.

AP Literature at Duluth High School (abbreviated as AP Lit, typically) is a focused study of fictional texts, in particular short stories, plays, novels, and poetry. We study literature in order to become stronger analytical, critical, and creative writers and thinkers. We ask the big questions about human existence: what does it mean to live a meaningful life? What is the nature of evil? What is the link between what we consider normal and the conforming power of the majority? What does it mean to be a human being? Are we really free? AP Literature is a senior level course. Students will need to be open-minded and eager to discuss and debate their unique theories about the texts we read. We do many group presentations, Socratic Seminars, dramatic performances, essay writing, creative writing (poetry and short stories), in class writing and multiple choice practice for the AP exam, and whole class discussion. Because novel reading is a central focus of the class, students will want to be careful, active readers who love to ask questions. Students will have an extensive summer reading assignment with at least one novel, and throughout the year, we probably read four - six novels/plays together and two novels, one per semester, independently. Students will need to be committed to reading a lot outside of class and doing several essays over the course of the year. There is no textbook for this class! Instead, we read various books, plays, short stories, and poetry. These are some of the texts we read during the 2018– 2019 school year: One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest, The Laramie Project, Song of Solomon, Beloved, The Stranger, No Country for Old Men, and various post-modern and dystopian texts. We also watch films that pair well with the novels we’re reading. To prep for AP Lit, you can find some great practice tests on the College Board website and 5 Steps to a 5: AP English Literature is another great resource. In terms of a writing book, Richard Lanham’s Revising Prose and for reading, Thomas Foster’s How to Read Literature Like a Professor are both recommended. For more information about AP Literature (AP Lit) and enrollment in the class, you can talk to Elizabeth Elliott, who you can find at Elizabeth.Elliott@gcpsk12.org, or Nikki Steverson, who you can find at Nicole.Steverson@gcps.k12.org. They are both teachers in the class at Duluth High School. To obtain more information about AP Literature (AP Lit) and the enrollment process for the class, feel free to contact either Elizabeth Elliott at Elizabeth.Elliott@gcpsk12.org or Nikki Steverson at Nicole.Steverson@gcps.k12.org. Both Elizabeth Elliott and Nikki Steverson are teachers for the AP Literature class at Duluth High School and will be happy to assist you with any inquiries or enrollment-related matters.

AP Human Geography is a college level course at Duluth High School that travels well beyond the simple memorization of geographic facts and figures. It teaches you why and how things happen in and around the world, and how they are connected. To put it simply, Human Geography deals with the way humans interact with their environment. We deal with demographics, migration, linguistics, religion, political geography, urbanization, and industrialization. It’s the perfect course for students interested in what’s happening in the world now! The requirements to succeed are desire and determination. If the student is willing to work hard and never give up, we would recommend them to take AP Human Geography. Other skills that are important to have would be above average reading abilities and above average writing skills. Students are required to read a book from a list of options for summer reading. A summary is required along with the reading. Additionally, students have homework/reading most nights of the week including weekends. The textbook for this class is "An Introduction to Human Geography: The Cultural Landscape by James M. Rubenstein 8th Edition ISBN: 0-13-192019-7". For more information, refer to Melissa Margulis, who you can find at Melissa.Margulis@gcpsk12.org, and Jordan White, at Jordan.White@gcpsk12.org: they are both teachers in the class of AP Human Geography at Duluth High School. For comprehensive information about AP Human Geography, you can refer to Melissa Margulis at Melissa.Margulis@gcpsk12.org or Jordan White at Jordan.White@gcpsk12.org. Both Melissa Margulis and Jordan White are teachers for the AP Human Geography class at Duluth High School, and they will be glad to provide any details or assistance you may need.

The purpose of an Advanced Placement course in Macroeconomics is to give students a thorough understanding of the principles of economics that apply to national income, price level determination, economic performance measures, financial sector, stabilization policies, economic growth, and international economics. Students will learn to manipulate a variety of graphing models, and analyze the economic developments each represents. Specific skills for success include Strong math and graph interpretation skills and Regular study habits. Because this course is typically taken during the second semester, make sure to complete the winter break assignment. For information on the winter break assignment, registration, and any other questions in general, contact Jacqueline Cain at email Jacqueline.Cain@gcpsk12.org. Jacqueline Cain is a teacher at Duluth High School for AP Macroeconomics. "Morton, John. Advanced Placement Economics: Macroeconomics Student Activities, 3rd ed. New York: National Council on Economic Education, 2003." is the textbook for this class: Activities from this workbook provide practice opportunities of concept application, graphing, and analysis of economic impact of changes in society, and students work with charts, generate, interpret, graph, and analyze economic data to explain economic concepts. For details regarding the winter break assignment, registration, or any general inquiries, please feel free to contact Jacqueline Cain at Jacqueline.Cain@gcpsk12.org. Jacqueline Cain teaches AP Macroeconomics (AP Macro) will be available to provide you with the information and assistance you need.

The Advanced Placement course in Psychology at Duluth High School is a college class designed to introduce students to the systematic and scientific study of the behavior and mental processes of humans. Students are exposed to the psychological facts, principles, and phenomena associated with each of the major sub-fields within psychology. The aim of an AP course is to provide the student with a learning experience equivalent to that obtained in most college introductory psychology courses. The course is taught at an accelerated level and student study habits should reflect this fact. We will have a lot of fun in class, but students absolutely must be willing to spend legitimate time outside of class each week dedicated to this course. AP Psychology is a cumulative class, meaning “old” content is constantly reinforced through quizzes and unit tests. Students should understand that there is always homework and must be prepared to master both the advanced content and the hundreds of vocabulary terms that accompany this course. While this is only a one-semester introductory course in college (3 hours of credit), we have the entire nine months to take in the 18 chapters, plus other items of interest. At the conclusion of each of our nine units, there is a multiple choice question test (usually between 50 and 100 questions). There will also be essay tests throughout the year. All testing is similar to the College Board test you will be taking at the end of the year. Many chapters in the textbook are long, and it is recommended that you read approximately 10 pages a night. During class we will have discussion, and it is important to be prepared by reading the material before coming to class. Approximately two weeks are devoted to each unit of study. For more information about AP Psychology, please talk to Matt Chapman, whose email is Matt.Chapman@gcpsk12.org. Matt Chapman is a teacher for AP Psychology at Duluth High School. To obtain further information about AP Psychology, please feel free to talk to Matt Chapman, the dedicated teacher for the course at Duluth High School. You can contact Matt Chapman via email at Matt.Chapman@gcpsk12.org. Don't hesitate to reach out to Matt Chapman for any inquiries or additional details about AP Psychology.

AP U.S. Government and Politics (abbreviated to AP Government or even AP Gov) is an intensive study of the formal and informal structures of government and the processes of the American political system, with an emphasis on policy-making, and implementation. Included is a study of the U.S. Constitution, including significant Supreme Court decisions. The course will be taught on a college level, and it requires a substantial amount of reading and preparation. Students will develop a critical understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of the American political system, as well as the United States Constitution, and their rights and responsibilities as citizens. Strong writing and reading skills are essential for this course. More importantly, a strong work ethic and concentration in class are important for success in this course. Class participation is essential as we have several simulations in class such as debates, mock trials, and mock elections. We will cover about a chapter per week, and there will be reading and homework on a weekly basis. Also, we have a summer assignment which includes five summaries of current events, an essay differentiating Democrats and Republicans, and an essay summarizing the importance of the U.S. Constitution. There is a summer assignment, so be aware of that! Teachers recommend that you buy the AMSCO AP U.S. Government and Politics gook by David Wofford (2018). More resources are available on Collegeboard's AP Classroom and the teachers' eClass pages. For more information, contact the teacher, Gregg Tavani, at Gregg.Tavani@gcpsk12.org. Gregg Tavani teaches AP U.S. Government and Politics (AP Gov) at Duluth High School. For comprehensive information about AP U.S. Government and Politics (AP Gov), feel free to contact Gregg Tavani, the teacher responsible for the course at Duluth High School. You can reach Gregg Tavani via email at Gregg.Tavani@gcpsk12.org. Don't hesitate to get in touch with Gregg Tavani for any inquiries or further details about the AP Gov course.

AP U.S. History (APUSH, abbreviated) can be used to satisfy the U.S. History requirement for graduation. This course is designed to provide students with the analytical skills and factual knowledge necessary to think critically about the problems and materials in U.S. History. The students will learn to assess historical materials, identify their relevance and significance to a given issue through discussion and interpretation, and to weigh available evidence through historical scholarship. The content of this course begins in 1491 with Native American cultures and concludes with currents events in the present day. This is a college level history course that requires advanced reading and writing skills that will prepare them to respond to long essay questions, short answer questions, and document-based questions. It requires daily reading of the textbook, primary sources, and other historical documents. Students will be asked to interpret and analyze these documents for class discussions, debates, and weekly formative standards-based assessments. The AP test requires students to be above average writers and the ability to analyze and determine significance of historical events. Students will be asked to complete weekly reading from the textbook in addition to selected primary source readings, weekly IDs and regular reading quizzes. Expect to have something to work on for this class almost every night. There is a summer assignment, so make sure you contact the teacher about that. You can contact the teacher at Duluth High School, Jordan White, about any other questions you have: his email is Jordan.White@gcpsk12.org. The best supplemental textbook for this is "American Spirit, primary source book, written by David Kennedy". Any study guide (Princeton, Stanford, and 5 Steps to a 5) on how to pass the AP US History test is recommended. For any additional questions you may have about APUSH (AP U.S. History), don't hesitate to contact Jordan White, the teacher for this course at Duluth High School. You can reach Jordan White via email at Jordan.White@gcpsk12.org. He will be glad to provide you with the information and assistance you need for APUSH.

AP World History: Modern is a class taught at Duluth High School that satisfies the World History requirement for graduation. The purpose of this class is to develop greater understanding of the evolution of global processes and contacts. In other words, what factors, people, and events have shaped interactions among people throughout world history? The study of World History begins c.1200 CE and the students continue their studies through the present day. Specific skills for success in this class include that students will need to be able to critically analyze major historical trends and documents within and between time periods and cultures. Students are also expected to exhibit mature study habits by reading and studying on a daily basis. The teacher will also emphasize the various types of writing that appear on the AP World History exam: short answer questions, a long essay, document based essay, comparison/contrast, and continuity and change over time. Students should be actively participating in class and reading nightly. The supplemental textbook recommended for this class is the AMSCO World History: Modern [1200-Present]. For more information about AP World History: Modern (typically abbreviated to APWH or AP World History or AP World), feel free to contact Kelly Lamelas (whose email is Kelly.L.Lamelas@gcpsk12.org) or Rachel Skinner (whose email is Rachel.Skinner@gcpsk12.org); they are both teachers in the class who are teaching at Duluth High School and would be happy to help you. For comprehensive information about AP World History: Modern (APWH or AP World History), feel free to reach out to either Kelly Lamelas at Kelly.L.Lamelas@gcpsk12.org or Rachel Skinner at Rachel.Skinner@gcpsk12.org. Both Kelly Lamelas and Rachel Skinner are teachers for the class at Duluth High School and will be more than happy to assist you with any inquiries or help you may need.

The AP French Language and Culture at course Duluth High School takes a holistic approach to language proficiency and recognizes the complex interrelatedness of comprehension and comprehensibility, vocabulary usage, language control, communication strategies, and cultural awareness. The AP French Language and Culture course strives to promote both fluency and accuracy in language communication. In order to best facilitate the study of language and culture, the course is taught in the target language. Language, content, and culture are interrelated through the study of six themes: Global Challenge, Science and Technology, Contemporary Life, Personal and Public Identities, Families and Communities, and Beauty and Aesthetics. The course seeks to develop language skills (reading, writing, listening and speaking) that can be used in various activities and disciplines. Students are encouraged to think independently, to learn to find information, and to react and respond to others. Students should have a strong motivation to learn French and be willing to participate in all four skills. Students enrolled in this course are usually juniors or seniors enrolled in their fourth and fifth year of French. There are regular homework assignments, as well as individual and group presentations and projects, tests, and quizzes. The textbook for this class is "AP French: Preparing for the Language and Culture Examination, ISBN: 978-0-13- 317537-0". A supplemental text for this class is "Le Petit Prince, ISBN: 2-07-051328-9 and Interaction, ISBN: 978-1- 285-48083-1"; it would be good to read it. For more information about AP French Lang (abbreviation of the course), contact Laure-Anne Pennelli (you can find her at Laure.Anne.Pennelli@gcpsk12.org). To obtain more information about AP French Language (AP French Lang), please don't hesitate to contact Laure-Anne Pennelli at Laure.Anne.Pennelli@gcpsk12.org. She will be available to provide you with the information and assistance you need for the AP French Language course.

AP Spanish Language, a course at Duluth High School is intended for students who wish to develop proficiency and integrate their language skills using authentic materials and sources. This course adheres to the College Board AP Central® course description and is comparable to fifth and sixth semester college and university courses that focus on speaking and writing in the target language at an advanced level. The course encompasses listening and speaking skills, reading comprehension, and composition. Students who enroll should already have a strong command of the language and cultures of Spanish speaking peoples. The emphasis of the course is to strengthen communicative abilities in Spanish. It will help students develop accuracy and fluency when they produce the language, and will allow them to comprehend Spanish intended for native speakers in a variety of settings, types of discourse, topics, styles, and broad regional variations. The students must read and or listen to authentic resources for at least 20 minutes daily. There will be occasional projects that will require the students to complete as homework. The textbook for this class is "Temas. AP Spanish Language and Culture (Vista Higher Learning); Abriendo Paso, Temas y Lecturas (Pearson)". For more information, students are welcome to consult authentic audio and text resources from the Internet, newspapers and magazines. More resources are available in typical AP study guides found online. For more information about AP Spanish Lang (the abbreviation), contact Jackelim Rodriguez at the email address jackelim.rodriguez@gcpsk12.org. Jackelim Rodriguez is a teacher for AP Spanish Lang at Duluth High School. For comprehensive information about AP Spanish Language (AP Spanish Lang), feel free to contact Jackelim Rodriguez at jackelim.rodriguez@gcpsk12.org. As the teacher for AP Spanish Lang at Duluth High School, Jackelim Rodriguez will be glad to assist you with any inquiries or provide further details about the course.

The AP Spanish Literature course is a course designed to introduce students to Spanish Literature with works made by authors from Spain and Latin-America. and the Culture behind each literary movement. This class will provide students with a better knowledge of the most important writers and authors beginning in the medieval times and progressing to the contemporary era. This course will help students improve their reading, comprehension, speaking and writing skills in Spanish. Additionally, students will develop critical thinking skills by making connections between these literary works and their specific historical context. Students who enroll in this class should expect to have an intensive Spanish course that requires students to already be proficient Spanish readers and speakers. It is ideal for Native-Speakers who wants to increase their knowledge and spectrum of the Spanish language. This is also a great course for the serious nonnative speaker who wants to delve deeper in their language learning experience. Students will need to spend an hour reading the assigned works and be prepared to discuss them in class. The primary resource for AP Spanish Lit is "“Abriendo Puertas – Ampliando perspectivas”, Bowen y Bowen", the textbook. Classroom handouts from authentic resources and the internet are also provided and will be very helpful. If you want to increase knowledge further, movies and documentaries will be shown in this class and will increase familiarity with the class. If students have any further questions about this class, they can ask them to Jahaira Perez, who they can contact at jahaira.perezdejesus@gcpsk12.org. Jahaira Perez is a teacher at Duluth High School for Spanish Lit, and would be more than happy to answer any questions you have on the course. If students have any additional questions about this class, they can direct them to Jahaira Perez, the teacher for the course at Duluth High School. To contact Jahaira Perez, students can email her at jahaira.perezdejesus@gcpsk12.org. Jahaira Perez will be available to provide the information and assistance needed for the class.

AP Music Theory is designed to give the student basic fundamentals of music theory, ear training, sight-singing, keyboard skills, and experience in written composition. This course is comparable to the first year of college music theory/ sight singing/ ear training. Specific Skills for Success include knowledge of music reading and notation, at least 5 years of study on your primary instrument, acute listening skills, and a high interest in learning more about all aspects of music. You must be willing to practice these skills outside of class by doing the assigned homework. Homework is assigned frequently to help you build efficiency for the AP test. The textbook is "Tonal Harmony by Stefan Kostka and Dorothy Payne (McGraw Hill 2019)". Some really good (optional but helpful) resources are Barron's AP Music Theory study guide, and having access to a piano or keyboard or some other simulation would definitily be a big help. If you have more questions about AP Music Theory, feel free to ask Katie Groves at the email address katie.groves@gcpsk12.org. If you have more questions about AP Music Theory, feel free to ask Ivy Overcash, the dedicated teacher for the course, at the email address ivy.overcash@gcpsk12.org. Ivy Overcash (Ms. Overcash), as the instructor, will be more than happy to provide you with the information and support you need for the AP Music Theory class.

Before applying, a student must have taken a year of Advanced Art. AP Studio Art is actually three separate courses. Students will consult the instructor to choose which is best for him/her. The course is not based on a written exam; instead, students submit portfolios for evaluation at the end of the school year (April). The class is designed for students who are seriously interested in the practical experience of art. Typically, students must be willing to work outside of class to complete the number of works required for the portfolio (24 in all). Students must also be able to develop ideas quickly and show expert use of media and materials. AP students must have strong basic drawing and composition skills. Once students have been identified and enrolled in the course, a meeting will be held to introduce students to the AP studio art course. Examples of student work will be shown and an outline of the portfolio will be discussed. A summer assignment packet will be given as soon as students have been chosen for the course. Students will be encouraged to begin their summer work as soon as possible. Students may be required to purchase their own materials if they extend outside of what can be provided through the art department. Textbooks are not used due to the nature of the course as being product based, however, articles and reading assignments may be given to enhance exposure to art styles, media, techniques, and current events in the art world. Online videos and artist reviews will be shown/shared in order to expose students to historical and contemporary art movements and styles. If you have any other questions about AP Studio art and registering, contact the teacher of the subject at Duluth High School, Brooke Adamson, at the email Brooke.Adamson@gcpsk12.org. As aforementioned, Brooke Adamson teaches AP Studio Art, the 3-year program, at Duluth High School.

AP Capstone, developed by College Board and taught at Duluth High School, is a two-year seminar and research course designed to complement and enhance the in-depth, discipline-specific study provided through AP courses. It cultivates curious, independent, and collaborative scholars and prepares them to make logical, evidence-based decisions. Participating in AP Capstone can help students stand out to colleges in the application process, develop key academic skills they’ll use in college and beyond, become self-confident, independent thinkers and problem solvers, and finally, earn college credit: Many colleges offer credit for qualifying scores. If you are interested in embarking on this 2 year journey, please talk to both Vanette Furney (who teaches AP Seminar at Duluth High School), whose email is Vanette_Furney@gcpsk12.org, and Nicole Steverson (who teaches AP Research at Duluth High School), whose email is Nicole_Steverson@gcpsk12.org.

The first year of AP Capstone, AP Seminar, features Interdisciplinary Investigations and Critical Reasoning Seminar in which a specific topic or issue of cultural relevance is presented to students. With this topic as the centerpiece of class discourse, students learn to employ critical thinking skills such as analysis, synthesis, differentiation, and interpretation; students will engage in collaborative teamwork and project-based learning. (Students are required to take an AP exam upon conclusion of this year one course). This is part of a 2 year course at Duluth High School called AP Capstone. If you are interested in taking AP Seminar, again, talk to Vanette Furney, the AP Seminar Teacher at Duluth High School, and her email is Vanette_Furney@gcpsk12.org. Typically, this course is taken instead of your American Literature course, and both are taught in conjunction in the same class. If you are interested in enrolling in AP Seminar, be sure to talk to Vanette Furney, the dedicated AP Seminar Teacher at Duluth High School. You can reach Vanette Furney via email at Vanette_Furney@gcpsk12.org. Don't hesitate to contact her for any inquiries or further information about AP Seminar.

The second year of AP Capstone, AP Research, allows students to put the skills acquired in year one into practice in a Capstone Research Project. This independent study, executed under the mentorship of a teacher, culminates in a 5,000 word (roughly 20 pages) paper whereby the student defends and articulates his or her position on his or her chosen subject (in lieu of a seated AP exam). Ultimately, this two-year process reveals a student’s ability to collect, evaluate, analyze, and synthesize knowledge and information, and then communicate his or her findings. This is part of a 2 year course called AP Capstone. If you are interested in pursuing AP Research after completing AP Seminar, feel free to talk to Nicole Steverson, the teacher responsible for AP Research at Duluth High School. You can contact Nicole Steverson via email at Nicole_Steverson@gcpsk12.org. She will be happy to provide you with information and support regarding AP Research. Most people who take AP Research take AP Seminar, so you'll most likely be booked for 2 years. Note that unlike AP Seminar, AP Research is not comboed with a literature-based course.
