A club at Duluth High School is Asian American Student Association (AASA). Asian American Student Association has a goal of promoting the Asian Community within Duluth High School. The mission is to bring students together who are interested in the Asian culture and how the culture is influencing students in the United States today.  AASA wants to provide exposure within Duluth about the Asian community. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Peter Lemonds, Sasha Guerrero, Steven Hsia, Patty Gao, Erika Townsend, Joel Aquino. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address sasha.guerro@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 405. This club is Local- part of Gwinnett AASA. Social media handle of the club: IG: @dhsaasa. This club meets Last Wednesday each month in the cafeteria at 2:30 pm.

A club at Duluth High School is Athletic Training Club/ Student Aides. Students work with the Certified Athletic Trainers for the Athletic teams and learn the basics needed for an athletic training career. Students learn skills used daily in athletic training and assist the ATs. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Meghan Fowler. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address meghan.fowler@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 303. This club is Local . Social media handle of the club: IG: @dhs_sportsmedicine. For more information on when this club meets, contact the sponsor of the club, Ms. Fowler.

A club at Duluth High School is B.E.S.T. Club. The mission of B.E.S.T. (Bringing Extraordinary Students Together) Club is to foster peer interactions and friendships, through group activities, between our general education students and our students with special needs. The peer interaction will take place on Fridays during advisement. There will also be 2-3 B.E.S.T. Club parties after school during the school year. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Robin Aubrey. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address robin.aubrey@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-101. This club is Local. This club meets Fridays during all advisement classes.

A club at Duluth High School is Badminton Club. Student club for badminton enthusiasts. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Julie Tull. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address julie.tull@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-307. This club is Local. Social media handle of the club: IG: @dhsbadminton . This club meets Bi-weekly in the cafeteria from 2:30-3:30.

A club at Duluth High School is Beta Club. The motto of The National Beta Club is "Let Us Lead By Serving Others." Service to others is indeed one of the most important characteristics of Beta Club membership. Opportunities to serve are found in every school and community situation, whether large or small, urban, suburban or rural. Applications available for students who maintain a 90.o GPA. Grades 10-12. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Abbie Killebrew, Erin Futch. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address abbie.killebrew@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-310. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @duluthbeta . This club meets Monthly in the media center .

A club at Duluth High School is Black Student Union. The mission of this club is to inspire and educate students by exposing them to unknown experiences of the people of the African diaspora.  We will unify through creating a sense of self-awareness and self-pride for Black students by introducing them to activists and leaders who paved the way for future generations. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Krystal Beaudoin, Terran Ivory, Terron Miller. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address krystal.beaudoin@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 401. This club is Local. Social media handle of the club: @duluthbsu. This club meets 2nd & 4th Wednesdays, 2:30-3:30 in the chorus room (401).

A club at Duluth High School is DECA. DECA prepares emerging leaders and entrepreneurs in marketing, finance, hospitality and management in high schools. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Brad Patillo. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address brad.patillo@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 208. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @decaduluth. This club meets Typically every other week in room 208.  .

A club at Duluth High School is Dungeons & Dragons. The mission of this club is to spark creativity and foster an environment for storytelling, improv, critical thinking, and group problem solving. It's a choose your own adventure "board game" in a way that brings childhood imagination into collaborative storytelling.  The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Luke Stowell, Megan Hembree. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address Luke.stowell@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-403. This club is Local. This club meets Tuesdays from 2:30-4:00 in 6-403; Thursdays from 2:30-4:00 in 6-205.

A club at Duluth High School is Environmental Club. This club is about environmental projects and ways we can help the environment, at Duluth High School. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Wendy Barber. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address wendy.barber@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 518. This club is Local. Social media handle of the club: @dhsenviroclub. This club meets First Thursday of every month starting November; after school; 518.

A club at Duluth High School is Epiphany Art and Lit Magazine. Through contests and general advertisement, Epiphany staff members solicit and accept submissions of DHS student art (painting, drawing, photography, etc.) and literature (poems, short stories, essays, etc.) for possible publication in our annual magazine. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Abbie Killebrew. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address abbie.killebrew@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 527. This club is Local . Social media handle of the club: @epiphanydhs. This club meets Weekly in Trailer 9.

A club at Duluth High School is FBLA. FBLA inspires and prepares students to become community-minded business leaders in a global society through relevant career preparation and leadership experiences. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Emma Wilson. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address emma.wilson@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 210. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @fbladuluth. This club meets Every other Thursday @2:15 pm, Room 210Meeting dates vary so follow us on Instagram @duluthfbla.

A club at Duluth High School is FCA. FCA's (national organization) mission statement is "To lead every coach and athlete into a growing relationship with Jesus Christ and His church".  Our local club extends to all students, not just athletes. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Allyson Vamplew. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address allyson.vamplew@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-102. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @fcaduluth. This club meets Follow on social media for details.

A club at Duluth High School is FIRST Robotics. FIRST Robotics, also called the Metal Crusaders, is a STEM Club at DHS. Students will experience all of the engineering, computing and technical aspects of robotics while competing in the FIRST FRC robotics competion. The team name is the Metal Crusaders, team number is 5293. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Regina Counts. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address regina.counts@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is room number 302, which is the engineering room. FIRST robotics club social media handle is @dhsmetalcrusaders. This club is National and State affiliated. Social media handle of the club: @dhsmetalcrusaders. This club meets Tuesdays and Thursdays 2:45 - 5:00 in the Engineering Room (room 302).

A club at Duluth High School is French Club. The French Club hopes to provide a place where students can come together to learn about and appreciate different aspects of Francophone cultures throughout the world.  The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Erika Townsend and Erin Futch. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address erin.futch@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 205. This club is Local . Social media handle of the club: @dhs.frenchamis. This club meets Every third thursday from 2:15 - 3pm in room 205.

A club at Duluth High School is French Honor Society. The French Honor Society focuses on recognizing student achievement and their passion for the French Language. Students must have completed at least 2 years of the French language to join and must have maintained an "A" average during those courses.  The club offers students a time to grow and develop their language skills through special activities and meetings. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Laure-Anne Pennelli. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address Laure.Anne.Pennelli@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 204. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @fhs_duluth. This club meets 3rd or 4th Wednesday of each month, before school, room 204.

A club at Duluth High School is Girl Up!. Girl Up Duluth takes initiative to empower the women of our community from students to staff members. Through advocacy, education, support, and service, we can unite from all different backgrounds to fuel our strength, hopes, and ambition for the female future. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Leah Unger and Janie Cowan. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address leah.unger@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 525. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @girlupduluth . This club meets Last Tuesday of each month in the media center.

A club at Duluth High School is Glee Club. Glee Club is a student-run vocal ensemble that performs pop choral music, often a cappalla. Glee Club performs at all regularly scheduled chorus concerts as well as at additional community events. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Ivy Overcash. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address ivy.overcash@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 401. This club is Local. Social media handle of the club: @dhsgleeclub. This club meets Fridays, 2:30-3:30 in the chorus room.

A club at Duluth High School is Guitar Club. This club will empower students to learn the guitar at all levels and will build a community of musicians.   The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Matt Chapman. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address matt.chapman@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-215. This club is Local. This club meets Wednesdays, 2:15-3:15 in room 6-215.

A club at Duluth High School is Helping Hands. Duluth’s Helping Hands is a service club in which each member strives to impact the local community and the neighboring communities. Our goal is to better the lives of everyone by lending a Helping Hand whenever and wherever possible. Our Motto is to raise awareness for different needs of the community and to help as much as we can. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are C. Krishnasamy & Risha Jindal. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address risha.jindal@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 107. This club is Local. Social media handle of the club: @duluthhelpinghands. This club meets on various different dates, so please talk to the teacher sponsors of this club for more information.

A club at Duluth High School is Hispanic Organization Promoting Education (H.O.P.E). The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Jahaira Perez De Jesus, Erika Townsend. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address Jahaira.PerezDeJesus@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 211. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @duluthhope. This club meets Second Thursday of each month in the orchestra room @ 2:30.

A club at Duluth High School is HOSA x Red Cross. HOSA is a student lead organization that gives students the opportunity to come together and discuss healthcare related topics while also affording them the opportunity to contribute at community service events.  The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Meghan Fowler. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address meghan.fowler@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 303. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @duluthhighhosa. This club meets 1st Tuesday of every month @ 2:30 Room 303.

A club at Duluth High School is Indian Cultural Exchange. Indian Cultural exchange club welcomes all students who are interested in learning about the culture and traditions of India. The club is led by students.  The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Risha Jindal and Charulatha Krishnasamy. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address Risha.Jindal @gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 107. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @duluthhighice. For more information about meeting dates of this club, talk to the teacher sponsors of this club.

A club at Duluth High School is Interact Club. Interact is an international organization of Rotary-sponsored service clubs for young people. Today, Interact has more than 7,500 clubs in more than 100 countries with a membership exceeding 165,000. Grades 9-12. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Jordan White. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address jordan.white@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-206. Social media handle of the club: @duluthhsinteract. This club meets Once a month.  Second Wednesday of the Month, after School in the Media Center.

A club at Duluth High School is JazzCats. To allow students to study jazz music and learn jazz charts. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Michael Ball. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address michael.ball@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 406. This club is Local. This club meets Mondays during Spring Semester.  2:45-4:00 PM.  Band Room (Rm #406).

A club at Duluth High School is Jewish Student Union. To involve and unite the Jewish community at DHS as well as celebrate and inform students about Jewish culture. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Ms. Margulis. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address melissa.margulis@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-311. This club is national. Social media handle of the club: @duluthjsu. This club meets Meet once a month (room 6-311).

A club at Duluth High School is JUNTOS. By providing the necessary tools needed to bring positive change to the Latino community of Duluth High School, we hope to empower Latino students through academics, school involvement, and community services. We provide bilingual tutoring services at DHS, tutor at local elementary schools, and translate for parent-teacher conferences; we supply students with necessary information about scholarships, college, or job opportunities after high school. Grades 9-12 The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Orlando Alvarez, Jackelim Rodriguez, Melisa Rodriguez. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address  Orlando.Alvarez@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 119. This club is local. Social media handle of the club: @dhsjuntos. This club meets once a month room 119. 

A club at Duluth High School is Key Club. Key Club, it is a student-led organization whose goal is to encourage leadership through serving others The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Luke Stowell. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address Luke.stowell@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is . This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @duluthkeyclub. This club meets 2nd wednesday of the month 6-205.

A club at Duluth High School is Marching Band / Colorguard. Students learn, practice, and perform a variety of music using wind and percussion instruments such as flute, saxophone, trumpet, tuba, and various types of drums and keyboards. Band is an elective course, but the program offers many after school playing ensembles such as marching band, and jazz band. (ELECTIVE) The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Katie Groves. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address katie.groves@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 406. This club is Local. Social media handle of the club: @duluthbands @dhs.guard. This club meets Tuesday & Thursday in the Fall.  2:45 - 6:00 pm.  Band Room..

A club at Duluth High School is MIND. Our mission is "to empower and mobilize student and adult allies to engage in positive change through leadership and smart decisions making.  We develop and share prevention programming to engage students in the pursuit of healthy decision-making and foster a sense of belonging among students from a wide range of identities and experiences who are committed to improving the health and safety of all students and communities." The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Wendy Barber. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address wendy.barber@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 518. This club is Local. Social media handle of the club: @duluthMIND. This club meets One Friday a month after school.

A club at Duluth High School is Mock Trial. The Duluth Mock Trial Team helps students gain an understanding of the legal system by providing opportunities for school teams to participate in academic competitions where players assume attorney and witness roles in a court case. Lawyers coach students in developing questioning, critical thinking and oral advocacy skills. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Rebecca Caley. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address rebecca.caley@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-408. Social media handle of the club: @dhs_mocktrial. This club meets Tuesday & Thursday after school in Room 6-206 2:30pm -3:30pm.

A club at Duluth High School is Muslim Student Association. Muslim Student Association is a national club created to cultivate brotherhood and sisterhood while furthering the cause of all Muslims and Non-Muslims from different walks of life as we conduct social and cultural actives in the best traditions of Islam. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Ashley Brady. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address ashley.p.brady@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 517. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @duluthhighmsa. This club meets Last Thursday of each Month RM 517.

A club at Duluth High School is National Art Honor Society. NAHS is an art focused service club The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Brooke Richards. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address brooke.richards@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 404. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @_nahs_dhs. This club meets Second and fourth Wednesdays of each month. 2:30 -3:45 Room 404.

A club at Duluth High School is National Honor Society. National Honor Society, also known as NHS, is one of the most important service-oriented clubs at DHS. It is also responsible for International Night, one of the most diverse and fun nights at Duluth High School. NHS, the abbreviation, is a national academic and service club that operates under the pillars of scholarship, service, character, and leadership. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Amy Bricker, Nicole Steverson. If you are interested in joining National Honor Society (NHS), contact the email address nicole.steverson@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 532. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @duluthnhs. This club meets First Wednesday of each month in cafeteria @ 2:30PM.

A club at Duluth High School is NJROTC. (ELECTIVE) The NJROTC accredited curriculum is designed to encourage and develop cadet honor, self-esteem, mental toughness, teamwork, and self-discipline. The NJROTC program is designed to provide a cadet the skill-set necessary to effectively prioritize, tackle, and solve challenging problems to prepare him/her to successfully achieve personal and academic goals. Competative teams include:  Drone, Air Rifle, Academic, Drill, Color Guard, and Orienteering.  DHS NJROTC is a citizenship development class that offers scholarship opportunities to commission in the US military if desired.  If students deside to enlist in the military they will also recieve the GI bill after 4 years of honorable service in the US military.  The GI bill is equivelant to 4 years of colledge paid, books, room and board, and stipend to any college students qualify to attend.  Enlisting can also serve as a path to US citizenship for those seeking citizenship. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Master Chief Jackson. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address robert.jackson@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 102. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @dhs_njrotc. This club meets Various times and locations.

A club at Duluth High School is Ping Pong. Our mission is to provide a social club where students of all skill levels can develop athletic, leadership, and team building skills they'll use in high school and beyond. We aim to use table tennis as a tool to foster school spirit, intercultural dialogue, and civic engagement. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Melissa Margulis and Patty Gao. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address melissa.margulis@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-311. This club is local. Social media handle of the club: @duluthpingpong. This club meets once a month near the concession stands by the basketball stadium.

A club at Duluth High School is Science Olympiad. "Our mission is to host exciting competitive tournaments and professional development workshops that showcase innovative STEM content to students and teachers throughout the United States" - soinc.org The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Jordan Hall, Angela Fleisher. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address angela.fleisher@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 108. This club is . Social media handle of the club: @dhs_science_olympiad.

A club at Duluth High School is SkillsUSA. CTSO - open to all students.  Members work with AVTF film equipment.  Members create video projects for competitions at the regional, state, and national level. Students learn about film, work skills, and teamwork.  Members have opportunites to be of service in our Duluth community and at school.  The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Sheri Long. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address sheri.long@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 521A. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @duluthskillsusa. This club meets First and Third Wednesday each month.

A club at Duluth High School is Spectrum (GSA) . This club is a safe space for LGBTQIA+ students and allies to gather and discuss their lives and queer culture. Spectrum engages in discussions, watches films, and participates in crafting activities together. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Ivy Overcash . If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address ivy.overcash@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 401. This club is Local. Social media handle of the club: @dhs_spectrum. This club meets Every other Thursday; 2:30-3:30.

A club at Duluth High School is Steppin Wildcats (Step Team). The step team purpose is to perform at school and community events throughout the year, develop leadership skills and develop each member physically, mentally and morally. Stepping is a form of percussive dance in which the participants entire body is used as an instrument to produce complex rhythms and sounds through a mixture of footsteps, spoken works and hand claps. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Krystal Beaudoin . If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address krystal.beaudoin@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-212. This club is Local. Social media handle of the club: @steppinwildcats. This club meets During our season Oct - Beginning of March we practice 3 days a week: Perform at Friday home basketball games, Black History Month, and International Night.

A club at Duluth High School is Student Council. The mission of the Duluth High School Student Council is to coordinate all student activities and build a bridge between the students, faculty, administration, and community. (CORD ) The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Brooke Wright. Erin Futch. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address brooke.wright@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 528. This club is local. Social media handle of the club: @dhstuco. This club meets every other Thursday, 6.30 am in the DHS Theatre.

A club at Duluth High School is Sociedad Honoraria Hispánica de DHS.  The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Jackelim Rodriguez-GuzmanKristen Boling. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address jackelim.rodriguez@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 119. This club meets Second Tuesday of the month after school.

A club at Duluth High School is Technology Student Association. The Technology Student Association (TSA) enhances personal development, leadership, and career opportunities in science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM), whereby members apply and integrate these concepts through intracurricular activities, competitions, and related programs. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Jonathan Roy. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address jonathan.roy@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 301. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @duluthtsa. This club meets Monday/Wednesdays.

A club at Duluth High School is The DHS Page Turners. To promote reading through competition with other high school reading teams at the annual GCPS Readers Rally The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Janie Cowan, Leah Unger. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address janie.cowan@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is Media Center. This club is Local. Social media handle of the club: . This club meets 3rd Wednesday of each month in the media center.

A club at Duluth High School is Thespian Troupe #5160. An honor society recognizing and promoting excellence in Theatre Education and performance. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Brandy Carter. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address brandy.carter@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is Theatre. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @troupe5160. For more information on where and when this club meets, talk to the teacher sponsor of the club.

A club at Duluth High School is Tri M Music Honor Society. Promote music education and music in the school and community. Members must also have a 3.0 or higher overall average, and a 90 or higher average in their music class. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Shawn Morton. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address shawn.morton@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 405. This club is National. Social media handle of the club: @duluthtrim. This club meets 1st Monday of Month Orchestra room at 2:15 PM.

A club at Duluth High School is Wildcat Gazette . Online school newspaper The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Julie Tull. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address julie.tull@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-307. This club is Local. Social media handle of the club: @dhs_gazette . This club meets As needed.

A club at Duluth High School is Young Democrats. The purpose of this club is to engage students in the political process of American Government.  It also will promote volunteerism, conservative values, and attempt to get students involved in our political process on the grass roots level. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Gregg Tavani, Benjamin Mann. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address gregg.tavani@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-214. This club is Local. Social media handle of the club: @dhsyoungdems. This club meets About once a month in Coach Tavani's classroom 6-214.

A club at Duluth High School is Young Republicans. The purpose of this club is to engage students in the political process of American Government.  It also will promote volunteerism, conservative values, and attempt to get students involved in our political process on the grass roots level. The contacts, who are also sponsors and teacher leaders for this club, is/are Jim Reason. If you are interested in joining this club, contact the email address jim.reason@gcpsk12.org. The room number that this club typically meets in is 6-209. This club is Local. Social media handle of the club: @duluthyoungrepublicans. This club meets About once a month in Coach Reason's room 6-209.
