HOPE Scholarship - Duluth QUEST
The instate aid (no competition!) that covers all of your tuition


There are tons of hyperlinks in this document. Any blue text you see has a link attached that provides more information on the topic


For any questions, concerns, and comments, please email us or message us on Instagram :D!
Timeline


* December 1st (2023): The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) opens
   * You will be automatically considered for the HOPE scholarship once you have filled this application out.
* June 30 (2024): The FAFSA closes and applications must be submitted by this time.


What does the HOPE Scholarship provide?


Georgia's HOPE Scholarship is available to Georgia residents (who do not have to be citizens!) who have demonstrated academic achievement. 
The scholarship provides money to assist students with most if not all, tuition costs at eligible instate public and private colleges and universities. This financial aid varies depending on the number of credit hours taken per year; the more hours you take, the more funding you’re able to get! If you accept their full course load, you can get all of your college tuition fully funded.
Requirements?


Below is an excerpt that explains HOPE requirements with our comments to make it more comprehensive. The bolded parts are our additions.


The HOPE Scholarship program requires students to meet basic eligibility requirements to be awarded initially after high school graduation and maintained while enrolled in an eligible college or university (postsecondary institution).  An eligible student must:
1. Have U.S. citizenship or be an eligible non-citizen;
   1. “Eligible non-citizens” include permanent residents, conditional permanent residents, refugees and asylum seekers, parolees, Cuban-Haitian entrants, and other non-citizens with eligible status.
2. Be enrolled as a degree-seeking student at a USG, TCSG, or eligible private HOPE eligible college or university in Georgia;
   1. University System of Georgia = USG. 
      1. This includes Georgia Tech, UGA, Georgia State University, etc.
   2. Technical College System of Georgia = TCSG.
      1. This includes Gwinnett Technical College.
3. Be in good standing on all student loans or other financial aid programs;
   1. Pay back loans that you take.
4. Comply with the Georgia Drug-Free Postsecondary Education Act of 1990;
   1. Self-explanatory, don’t do drugs.
5. Not have exceeded the maximum award limits for any HOPE program
   1. There is a listed amount of credit hours students can take to qualify for HOPE aid. That can be found here. They won’t pay for any extra hours you take!


How does HOPE Work?


We’ve heard about the HOPE Scholarship time and time again:


HEY! DID YOU KNOW THAT IF YOU GET A 3.0, YOU’LL GET 100% of your college…


It’s exhausting. Let’s break it down simply.


HOPE GPA


First, the HOPE Scholarship does not use your GPA from high school; instead, they recalculate it into a “HOPE GPA.” Now, in this GPA, they DO NOT consider your elective classes. This means that all the fine arts (orchestra, band, chorus, etc), foreign languages (Spanish, French), and random electives at Duluth are not factored in. They only see your core classes. To read further, please skim over this page. And if you’d like to see your HOPE converted GPA, please read the instructions here and convert it accordingly.


* Fun fact, your AP and Dual Enrollment courses bump up your HOPE GPA extra points😼!


If your HOPE GPA is higher than 3.0, you may qualify for the HOPE Scholarship. If all other criteria listed above are met, you are now eligible to pay close to nothing for in-state tuition. Do keep in mind that the more credit hours you take, the more HOPE will pay for funding!


What is a Credit Hour?
Sorry, we forgot to explain that.


A credit hour is the college equivalent of credit needed to graduate. At Duluth, we need a combination of different core, fine arts, and various other classes to graduate. Just like that, colleges do this through their “credit hour” system. And why does this matter? Because your funding is entirely dependent on how many credit hours you take. Cases vary per school, so we won’t be breaking it down here, but if you’re interested, take a look at that funding here.
* Select your school of choice and take a look at the funding per credit hour!


So, think carefully. As you graduate high school and gain access to this amazing opportunity that covers tuition, carefully plan your courseloads so you don’t have to pay with your hard-earned money.
Where Do I Apply?
        
Thankfully, there is no competition for the HOPE Scholarship; if you qualify and work for it, you get it. Here’s how you can apply.


Starting October 1st, go to the application for the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Fill this out completely.
* You will need this application for college anyway. HEAVILY recommended you do this as soon as possible; the earlier it’s done, the earlier you know your funding eligibility from the state and schools you’re applying to.


        And… that’s it. You automatically get the scholarship transitioning into college.
Important Note!
        
It’s important to note that students have to maintain a 3.0+ GPA in college to keep the HOPE Scholarship. Similarly, students can gain the HOPE scholarship in college by rising to a 3.0 GPA. You can’t stop being an academic warrior post-graduation! If anything, we recommend that you let this be more motivation to succeed. 


Yes, the HOPE Scholarship covers most, if not all of your tuition costs. But do remember that more costs go into attending college. These include:
* Books & Fees
* Housing (if you decide to live on campus)


For the state of Georgia, our tuition costs are fairly low yet our housing costs are crazy.
* For example, here’s Georgia Tech’s cost of attendance (the amount of money required per year to be a student)


  

Note how more than half of the cost comes from “other costs.”


Of course, this isn’t the end all be all. This is exactly why students must apply for multiple scholarships and ensure their costs for college are covered. If paying for housing is enough of a problem, it may be smart for many students to commute to college (attend college while living off-campus).




Georgia is special for providing aid this incredible; we’re truly presented with an amazing opportunity. Most states can’t fathom a chance like this and having it, we should take full advantage of it. There are tons of “what-ifs” that go into this scholarship, and we know it can be confusing. 


So, please, we ask that you reach out with any questions. We’re here to help😼! Once again, you can message us on Instagram or email us. We look forward to hearing from you😸.