Below is contact information for the primary administration at Duluth High School!

Dr. Sheryl Ackers is an Assistant Principal at Duluth High School. Again, Dr. Ackers is ONLY an Assistant Principal, not the principal. She is also the primary 9th grade academy administrator. Dr. Ackers' specific areas of responsibility include 9th Grade Academy Interventions, Attendance, and Displicine, the Middle-school to high school transition, the conducting of honors night, teacher recognition, and being a Title IX (Title 9) secondary Coordinator. You can contact Dr. Ackers by email at Sheryl.Ackers@gcpsk12.org.

Ms. Chimera Brew is an Assistant Principal at Duluth High School. Again, Ms. Brew is ONLY an Assistant Principal, not the principal. Ms. Brew's specific areas of responsibility incude Student Management for students with last names that start with letters A through G in the 10th through 12th grades, AP testing, Social Emotional Learning, being on the Care Team, managing the Yearbook, and managing the Fine Arts/CTE Departments. You can contact Ms. Brew by email at chimera.brew@gcpsk12.org.

Mr. Justin Dunnahoo is an Assistant Principal at Duluth High School. Again, Mr. Dunnahoo is ONLY an Assistant Principal, not the principal. Mr. Dunnahoo's specific areas of responsibility include scheduling, cohort tracking, Department Chair oversight, planning the Pre-Planning Week, Enrollment and AP Enrollment, and managing the Math Department. To contact Mr. Dunnahoo, you can email him at Justin.Dunnahoo@gcpsk12.org.

Mr. Chris Garcia is an Assistant Principal at Duluth High School. Again, Mr. Garcia is ONLY an Assistant Principal, not the principal. He is also the primary Discipline coordinator. Mr. Garcia's areas of responsibility include Student Management for students with last names that start with letters H through O in the 10th through 12th grades, emergency planning, being a Title IX (Title 9) primary coordinator, cafeteria management, and managing the Social Studies Department. You can contact Mr. Garcia at Christian.Garcia@gcpsk12.org.

Mrs. Debra Gorvett is an Assistant Principal at Duluth High School. Again, Mrs. Gorvett is ONLY an Assistant Principal, not the principal. She is also the primary Title I coordinator. Mrs. Gorvett's specific areas of responsibility include human resources, being an Intervention Specialist, working in Credit Recovery, LSPI/CCRPI, being a Data Coordinator, GTES, cohort tracking, managing summer school, and managing the Special Education Department. You can email Mrs. Gorvett for any questions at Debra.Gorvett@gcpsk12.org.

Mr. Chris Hall is an Assistant Principal at Duluth High School. Again, Mr. Hall is ONLY an Assistant Principal, not the principal. He is also the Athletic Director at Duluth High School. Mr. Hall's specific areas of responsibility include athletics, managing Student Activities and Clubs, Attendance, Press and Social Media, managing Super Thursdays, managing Student Parking, Signage and School Branding, Homecoming, Prom, ROTC, and managing the PE / Health Department. You can contact Mr. Hall at the email chris.l.hall@gcpsk12.org.

Ms. Megan Hathaway is an Assistant Principal at Duluth High School. Again, Ms. Hathaway is ONLY an Assistant Principal, not the principal. Ms. Hathaway's primary areas of responsibility include managing Advisement periods, managing Student Leadership, Staff Development, overseeing Department Chairs, overseeing Course Team Leads, Student Managements for students with last names that start with letters P through Z in the 10th through 12th grades, GTES, managing Graduation, Senior Week, Student Clubs in general, and managing the Science Department. You can contact Ms. Hathaway for any questions at Megan.Hathaway@gcpsk12.org.

Ms. Diana Landrian is an Assistant Principal at Duluth High School. Again, Ms. Landrian is ONLY an Assistant Principal, not the principal. Her areas of responsibility include student discipline, ITC, Summer Mailing, heading over the foreign language department, and heading over the ESOL department. You can contact Ms. Landrian for any questions you may have for her at Diana.Landrian@gcpsk12.org.

Mrs. Kirsten Lombardo is an Assistant Principal at Duluth High School. Again, Mrs. Lombardo is ONLY an Assistant Principal, not the principal. She is also a Testing Coordinator at Duluth High School. Mrs. Lombardo's areas of responsibility include testing, teacher duties, surveys, graduation and senior sponsors, Senior Week, and heading over the Media Center. For more information, you can contact Mrs. Lombardo at Kirsten.Lombardo@gcpsk12.org.

Mr. Antwawn Sheats is an Assistant Principal at Duluth High School. Again, Mr. Sheats is ONLY an Assistant Principal, not the principal. He is also the Community Schools Coordinator for Duluth High School. Mr. Sheats' primary areas of responsibility include managing the Custodial Staff, Community Outreach, Contracts, managment of inventory and facilities, and managing the Counseling Departments. For more information, you can contact Mr. Sheats at antwawn.sheats@gcpsk12.org.

The principal is Dr. Davidson. Dr. Eric Davidson is the principal of Duluth High School. The principal of DHS is Dr. Davidson. Eric Davidson is the principal. The principal of Duluth High School is Eric Davidson. Dr. Davidson is the principal of Duluth High School. You can contact Dr. Davidson at Eric.Davidson@gcpsk12.org. You can contact Dr. Davidson at Eric.Davidson@gcpsk12.org. You can contact Dr. Davidson by email at Eric.Davidson@gcpsk12.org. The only email Dr. Davidson has for contact is Eric.Davidson@gcpsk12.org. You can contact Dr. Davidson by email at Eric.Davidson@gcpsk12.org.
